README.md, before:

# E-Commerce Back End • ORM

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

The Note Taker application allows a user to write and save notes using an Express.js back end, retrieving note data from a JSON file. The user can organize their thoughts and delete tasks as they complete them.

## Installation and Usage

- Install required dependencies with `npm i`
- Use `npm start` to start the server
- Navigate to `http://localhost:3001` in your browser to view the application

## Guidelines for Contribution

All suggestions for improvement welcome! Feel free to fork the project and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is covered under the MIT license.

## Questions

Reach out to me via [Github](https://github.com/hollyniquette) or [Email me](mailto:hollyniquette@gmail.com) with any questions or issues you might have.

Commit message:

fixed heroku bug/deployed & added readme link

README.md, after:

# Note Taker Application • Express.js

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

The Note Taker application allows a user to write and save notes using an Express.js back end, retrieving note data from a JSON file. The user can organize their thoughts and delete tasks as they complete them.

The deployed application can be viewed [here.](https://ancient-sierra-05873-0270739bbb20.herokuapp.com/)

## Installation and Usage

- Install required dependencies with `npm i`
- Use `npm start` to start the server
- Navigate to `http://localhost:3001` in your browser to view the application

## Guidelines for Contribution

All suggestions for improvement welcome! Feel free to fork the project and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is covered under the MIT license.

## Questions

Reach out to me via [Github](https://github.com/hollyniquette) or [Email me](mailto:hollyniquette@gmail.com) with any questions or issues you might have.
